[chore] Standardize markdown (#14761)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Provide a configuration structure which defines the configuration of the component
* Provide the implementation that performs the component operation

> For more details on components, see the [Donating New Components](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/28446b3e2d590451992761222d4c43b7948632d8/docs/new-components.md) document and the tutorial [Building a Trace Receiver](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/trace-receiver/) which provides a detailed example of building a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on components, see the [Donating New Components](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/v0.147.0/docs/new-components.md) document and the tutorial [Building a Trace Receiver](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/trace-receiver/) which provides a detailed example of building a component.
```
